feat: support bulk-export command (#261)
microsoft/fabric-cli: docs/examples/folder_examples.md

## Folder Operations

### Bulk-Export Folder Items

> !!! info "When you bulk-export item definitions, the sensitivity labels are not part of the definitions"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! info "When you execute the `bulk-export` command, the sensitivity labels are not part of the exported definitions"
```

> !!! info "When you execute the `bulk-export` command, the sensitivity labels are not part of the exported definitions"

Reviewer 2: redundant? since you already said it before in bulk_export.md?

Author: This is aligned with `export` command. We add this warning to both examples readme and command readme

> Bulk-export all supported items from a folder preserving folder structure and item bindings. See [bulk-export command](../commands/fs/bulk_export.md) for full details and supported item types.

Reviewer 2: also this is redundant? do you think we should write it in both files?

#### Bulk-Export a Folder Recursively

Export a folder and all its sub-folders to a local directory.

```py

> fab bulk-export ws1.Workspace/fd1.Folder -o /tmp --recursive

Reviewer 2: can we bulk-export single item? can we bulk-export items by type? or multiple items not under folders?

Author: Not like `export` command where user can select specific items to export, bulk-export is only for folder or workspace by name.
